# LGMS-HA-Python-Script

This repository is specifically designed for LGMS HA report.

Developer: Goi Xue Yang

A report generator, specifically make for CIMB Host Assessment.

---

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Note](#note)
<br />

## Feature
* **Feature 1: cisreport.py** This Python script is to extract information from CIS benchmark html file into Excel format.
* **Feature 2: reportgenerator.py** This Python script is to compare CIMB Value with CIS benchmark report to identify the configuration.
* **Feature 3: reportdesigner.py** This Python script is coded to design the report same to real case.
<br />

## Installation
Installation is easy. Just download all files and run in any Integrated Developement Enviroment (IDE) including commandline or terminal.

<br />

## Usage
Before using the Python scripts, ensure following libraries are installed.

* ```beautifulsoup4```
* ```pandas```
* ```openpyxl```
<br />

In commandline, type:
```
pip install beautifulsoup4 pandas openpyxl
```

**The order of Python Script execution is important. You should:**
* **1. cisreport.py**
* -required document:
* CIS Benchmark Report HTML format

* In commandline:
```
py cisreport.py
```
<br />

* **2. reportgenerator.py**
* -required document:
* combined_cis_reports.xlsx Excel file (generated by cisreport.py)
* Excel file contain 'Checklist' sheet

* In commandline:
```
py reportgenerator.py
```
<br />

* **3. reportdesigner.py**
* -required document:
* CIMB HA report.xlsx Excel file (generated by reportgenerator.py)
* Host Configuration Report Template.xlsx
* LGMS Logo PNG file

* In commandline:
```
py reportdesigner.py
```
<br />

## Note
All documents required you to copy the path by (select file -> right click -> copy as path) and paste them when you execute the Python scripts.
